## Scott Schulze, 10/24/2020, Homework #9

# Synopsis
Frustration! I had working code, complete with a semi-pretty picture and somewhere along the line, it took offense and threw a 'keyerror' that I was only able to rectify with your help in the 11th hour. Therefore my forecast was completed, but alas, I fear my string of perfect homework scores dies this week.

# Assignment questions
1. This week's forecast values, if I get the bugs worked out will be generated by my function used last week, this time using the data pulled in by the rest API, to add a constant value if the previous week's average temperature was below a given value. This will generate overall larger flow values with lower temperatures, with the thought being that less thermal energy means less evaporation over the duration of a week and therefore more streamflow.
2. The dataset that I added is the temperature data from the nearest recording weather station to our stream gauge. This dataset begins in 1997 and goes until current, providing daily readings. I chose this because it was the most useful parameter I could think of for what would be affecting the streamflows being observed. The chosen location is QVDA3 in Camp Verde, AZ. The data was accessed from MesoWest using an API. The streamflow data for the week was accessed via the USGS webpage interface.
3. Plots for the streamflow and temperature over the time timeseries:
Sorry, it was the last problem I was having and could not get fixed during the office hour. I am REALLY bad at making graphics. 


# Final thoughts
I know that you read all of these and I appreciate that. Can we discuss briefly how or when it is or is not appropriate to use the "on='datetime'" portion of the resample functionality? In my troubleshooting, it appears that was where my error came from.
